Yesterday, a man in a black suit left
this strange looking device on my
doorstep. It appears to be some kind of
futuristic brain scanner. Now, I've been
writing code for nearly two decades, but
one thing I've never done is use my
brain. That might be why all of my side
projects fail. But today, that changes
because today we're going to do
something that has never been done
before. Instead of coding with my 10 old
arthritis riddled fingers, I'm going to
give Claude code full access to my brain
waves with no filters and no safeguards.
Just raw uncut gamma energy running at
256 hertz is straight from the squishy
and sephilon inside my skull. The coding
agent will then use this data to vive a
JavaScript app for me on the fly. It's
part science experiment, part tech
horror movie, and 100% guaranteed to
make your privacy lawyer cry. It is
November 12th, 2025, and you're watching
the code report. I've been on the wait
list to get one of Elon's Neurolink
brain chips installed. But the reality
is that I'll probably get a Tesla
Roadster before that happens. Luckily
though, if you want to capture and
analyze your brain waves, there's a far
better alternative that doesn't require
invasive robot surgery. It's called the
Neurosity Crown, a stylish
electrophilography device that can
measure the electrical activity
happening in your brain. I made a video
about this thing a couple years ago back
in the old GPT4 era, but this time
Neurosti was kind enough to sponsor the
video and provide me with their latest
limited edition device. To understand
how this device works though, we first
need to learn a little bit about brain
science. When you're asleep, your brain
is vibing at low frequency delta waves
around 2 herz. As you wake up and chill
out, those waves speed up to alpha mode,
roughly 10 herz. But when you lock in,
like solving math problems or cranking
out code, your brain shifts into
overdrive. the gamma waves hitting up to
35 hertz. These gamma waves are where
the real magic happens. The wave
patterns constantly shift with your
focus, mood, stress, and environment,
producing a live data stream of your
mind's chaos. And that's where the crown
comes in. It can literally analyze your
brain and detect distinct thought
patterns like that feeling when you bite
into a sour lemon, left-hand pinch,
jumping jacks, mental math, and so on.
It does this by training its algorithm
on your mental signals. All you have to
do is think it, relax, repeat about 30
times and then it's trained to detect
your specific thoughts. But now here's
the crazy part. They just released an
MCP server that can easily connect your
brain activity to any AI agent. That
means you can let a tool like Claude
Code tap into your brain activity and
analyze it or use it as context in any
prompt. All you have to do is set up the
Crown device, then open up Claude Code
and add the Neurosity connector. And now
your neurologist with 20 years of
medical training is completely obsolete
because we can just go right into Claude
and now analyze our brain waves.
Apparently it determined that my delta
and alpha waves were high, which I
thought was a good thing, but actually
it means I must be half asleep. Or maybe
this whole video is just a dream and
nothing is actually real. In either
case, now let's have Claude update my
portfolio website based on my brain's
actual profile. As you can see here, it
generated this beautiful dreamlike
website that perfectly represents my
current vibe. That's cool and all, but
the real power comes from the Neurosity
SDK, which allows us to tap into our
brains programmatically. That means in
theory I could do something like this,
where I use Kinesis to subscribe to a
thought like left-hand pinch. Whenever
that thought occurs, it will run this
callback function. And that code could
do anything like turn off a light in
your smartome, invest in stocks with a
trading API, or even write code for you.
Like in this demo, I have a function
that will make a call out to the quad
API whenever I think about my left foot.
What that will do is send Claude
whatever code I've highlighted and tell
it to automatically refactor that code.
In addition, I can also subscribe to the
thought of a sour lemon and have it
automatically discard that code if the
code sucks. In other words, we're
literally vibe coding here. The coding
agents actions are based on our thoughts
and our vibes, not our actual commands.
I wouldn't say this is the optimal way
to write code, but who knows where this
technology is going to go in the future.
Huge thanks to Neurosity for making this
video possible. And get your own Crown
device using the link below. This has
been the code report. Thanks for
watching and I will see you in the next
one.